Alrighty. So let's go in
and create another entity here for order item.
And I'll use the similar approach here.
I'll just grab some items from the other class,
paste them here,
and then I'll update the table reference
to say order_item.
And then I'll move down here and define the fields.
All right. So we'll keep everything here except for order.
We'll add the order relationship later.
Just grab the ID generation
annotations.
So I'll just kind of copy those from address
and then I'll paste them here in order item.
Just make the updates here for column.
And then I'll create my final entity here for order.
So just a new Java class.
And I think you know the drill by now.
And then the one thing to notice here
is the actual table name is orders, with an S.
So note the orders with the S plural at the end.
Let's go through and define the fields here for the order.
All right. So those are the fields.
Let's go ahead and just grab some
of the ID generation annotations.
And now, you know, the drill with the column
and then we'll come back through
and we'll update those column names accordingly.
And one more item I want to do is make use
of this special annotation from Hibernate
called CreationTimestamp.
So it'll basically add, it'll automatically add
the timestamp that this entity is created,
which is really nice.
And then also Hibernate has an annotation
for UpdateTimestamp.
And again, this is from Hibernate
and they'll basically provide the support there.
So just a little bit of tracking there for you,
for tracking the orders when they're created
and updated and so on.
So just a nice feature to add to your application.
Alrighty. So there we go.
So we had the order class taken care of.
Good job.